The board of directors makes a small push to the door.
What qualifications do you have to appear here?
Read open.
I really think today’s stomach crisis can be solved by a little girl, right?
I don't believe in my daughter-in-law's marriage.
Do you want me to believe an old liar who keeps telling lies?
Can this be solved? She is. she is.
In this situation, don't let a little girl come out to suppress the fans.
If you have any other clever tricks? Use them quickly.
Yes, if there is really no other way,
We can only follow Mr. Liu.
Please step down, Mr. Lu, please.
Main businessman
Don't blame us either
Before my qualifications
Really not qualified
appear on the board
But Skynet and the officials were unhappy
As a citizen of China
There is actually something that cooperates with the Ministry of Justice. It is reported that the law will be broken and will be punished.
So he must not let him even today
what did i say
Too much is too much
Shouldn't you think
Who is police officer Chen Renying?
police comrade
Chen Renren colludes
Other companies
Excessive competition and Caiguo's price
You as the person in charge
Please come back with me to investigate. No.
But comrade police